README.md, before:

# The GoFY Programming Language

GoFY (prounounced go-fee) is a superset of Go programming language.

# The GoFY Difference

GoFY is not different from GoLang, yet.

# GoFY Desired Differences

- Unused, unexported structs should cause a warning.
- Declaring new variables after code should cause a warning; just like in C.
- Define new keywords to [not] export a variable/function, regardless of case used for the name.
- Allow local packages to be imported without having to use URL as needed for external packages.
- Allow parameters to be declared const; intended to protect the values pointed to by the passed-in pointers
- Accept backslash (\) as a line continuation character; this will allow us to place operators at the beginning of the line.

# The GoFY Programming Language

Go is an open source programming language that makes it easy to build simple,
reliable, and efficient software.

![Gopher image](doc/gopher/fiveyears.jpg)

For documentation about how to install and use Go,
visit https://golang.org/ or load doc/install-source.html
in your web browser.

Our canonical Git repository is located at https://go.googlesource.com/go.
There is a mirror of the repository at https://github.com/golang/go.

Go is the work of hundreds of contributors. We appreciate your help!

To contribute, please read the contribution guidelines:
	https://golang.org/doc/contribute.html

##### Note that we do not accept pull requests and that we use the issue tracker for bug reports and proposals only. Please ask questions on https://forum.golangbridge.org or https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/golang-nuts.

Unless otherwise noted, the Go source files are distributed
under the BSD-style license found in the LICENSE file.

--

## Binary Distribution Notes

If you have just untarred a binary Go distribution, you need to set
the environment variable $GOROOT to the full path of the go
directory (the one containing this file).  You can omit the
variable if you unpack it into /usr/local/go, or if you rebuild
from sources by running all.bash (see doc/install-source.html).
You should also add the Go binary directory $GOROOT/bin
to your shell's path.

For example, if you extracted the tar file into $HOME/go, you might
put the following in your .profile:

	export GOROOT=$HOME/go
	export PATH=$PATH:$GOROOT/bin

See https://golang.org/doc/install or doc/install.html for more details.

Commit message:

Link to an old discussion to support the backslash-as-line-continuation proposal

README.md, after:

# The GoFY Programming Language

GoFY (prounounced go-fee) is a superset of Go programming language.

# The GoFY Difference

GoFY is not different from GoLang, yet.

# GoFY Desired Differences

- Unused, unexported structs should cause a warning.
- Declaring new variables after code should cause a warning; just like in C.
- Define new keywords to [not] export a variable/function, regardless of case used for the name.
- Allow local packages to be imported without having to use URL as needed for external packages.
- Allow parameters to be declared const; intended to protect the values pointed to by the passed-in pointers
- Accept backslash `\` as a line continuation character; this will allow us to place operators at the beginning of the line.

    [This discussion](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/golang-nuts/XuMrWI0Q8uk) had some similar proposals, but those proposals weren't responded to.

# The GoFY Programming Language

Go is an open source programming language that makes it easy to build simple,
reliable, and efficient software.

![Gopher image](doc/gopher/fiveyears.jpg)

For documentation about how to install and use Go,
visit https://golang.org/ or load doc/install-source.html
in your web browser.

Our canonical Git repository is located at https://go.googlesource.com/go.
There is a mirror of the repository at https://github.com/golang/go.

Go is the work of hundreds of contributors. We appreciate your help!

To contribute, please read the contribution guidelines:
	https://golang.org/doc/contribute.html

##### Note that we do not accept pull requests and that we use the issue tracker for bug reports and proposals only. Please ask questions on https://forum.golangbridge.org or https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/golang-nuts.

Unless otherwise noted, the Go source files are distributed
under the BSD-style license found in the LICENSE file.

--

## Binary Distribution Notes

If you have just untarred a binary Go distribution, you need to set
the environment variable $GOROOT to the full path of the go
directory (the one containing this file).  You can omit the
variable if you unpack it into /usr/local/go, or if you rebuild
from sources by running all.bash (see doc/install-source.html).
You should also add the Go binary directory $GOROOT/bin
to your shell's path.

For example, if you extracted the tar file into $HOME/go, you might
put the following in your .profile:

	export GOROOT=$HOME/go
	export PATH=$PATH:$GOROOT/bin

See https://golang.org/doc/install or doc/install.html for more details.
